Create a one-line story
Somewhat bizarre Ji Yoo. The cynical Seung Won's love story.
Ji Yoo: Character Sheet
Seung Won: Character Sheet
Our True Romance
Credit
There are days like this also.
I finish one series and get started on the next one right away.
Seo Ji Won. Writer Seo Ji Won, you worked so hard!
I'm proud of you. Good girl.
Like a Watercolor  Artist : Seo Ji Won
It's our story, isn't it?
Oh my, Seo Ji Won, you've gone crazy.
Come to your senses! Ah, really.
Seo Ji Won.
Assistant Manager Lee.
I've missed you, Seo Ji Won.
Well, I didn't really miss you that much.
- Is that so?  - Because I didn't know you'd grow up this well.
Episode 2: Moderately Smart, Moderately Sophisticated
So were you upset?
- About what?  - That I pretended to not know you at first.
Did you really not recognize me?
Did I change that much?
Right. You've always been this cute.
What are you saying?
How could I not have recognized you?
It was you after all.
By the way, how did you end up becoming a webtoon author?
Because my drawing skills are impressive.
Wow, that confidence is pretty cool.
I was really surprised.
Who would've thought I'd meet you again as my manager.
I applied for the position.
I wanted to do it since it was your project.
Besides, 'Like a Watercolor' is our story, isn't it?
It's not.
It's not our story.
It really isn't?
I'm telling you it's not.
The male lead's name is Seung Won though.
What?
Seung Yu. Ji Won.
When you put them together, it becomes Seung Won.
What are you talking about?
Well, one might think that.
But that's not it.
- Cha Seung Won!  - What?
That's right, Cha Seung Won. I like the actor Cha Seung Won.
That's why it's Seung Won.
You don't believe what I'm saying right now, do you?
If it were me, I'd be suspicious too, but it really isn't because of you.
I really, really like Cha Seung Won.
I've liked him for a long time that too. For real!
I'm telling you, it's the truth!
It's the truth, I said!
Ah, this is so much fun! Teasing you like this.
What are you saying?
I'm glad
that I met you again.
♫  Coming gently near, blowing at my heart ♫
♫  You're like a happy breeze  ♫
"Until you make the unconscious conscious,"
"it will direct your life"
"and you will call it fate."
These are Carl Gustav Jung's words.
It may sound like a pun, but let's put our ugly unconscious into the realm of fate.
And don't try to look away.
This has been Lee Ran Ju of Lee Ran's Ju's World of Dreaming.
See you again tomorrow.
On Air
- Hello. - You're done with work, right?
- How did you know that?  - Come on, of course I'd know your schedule.
- Then, we'll meet at the pub?  - I don't want to.
Why? Today's the day we launch the new menu.
You need to come and try it.
I really can't make it today. I've got a blind date.
Okay then, tell me this guy's profile.
Someone whom my senior knows. He's a 35 year-old lawyer.
Call Seo Ji Won instead.
- I'm hanging up.  - Hey!
She's so cold. She just says what she wants and hangs up.
Part-timer wanted
Cafe area
When I catch you, I won't let you off easily.
Did you really not recognize me?
Did I change that much?
Right. You've always been this cute.
What are you saying?
Besides, 'Like a Watercolor' is our story, isn't it?
It's not.
It's not our story.
What are you looking at so interestingly?
Writer Seo's new project proposal.
It's very calm and like a fairy tale.
But it oddly makes you nervous.
It's exciting, isn't it?
It's a romance story,
but sometimes it feels more like a thriller.
Especially the male lead. I don't know what he is thinking.
Is that so?
I don't know what the female lead is thinking.
The way men and women see things really is different.
Oh yeah, Writer Seo Ji Won is really awesome.
A movie proposal came in for the webtoon she just finished, 'Psycho Bride.'
A movie proposal?
Isn't that your project, Assistant Manager Yoon?
Wow, you did it.
After all these years I spent making movie proposals...
I should let her know right away.
I'll...
I'll tell Writer Seo.
♫  When we grow farther apart  ♫
Seo Ji Won.
♫  When memories start disappearing  ♫
Assistant Manager Lee Seung Yu
The customer you've dialed...
♫  There's nothing happening in the world ♫
♫  The hands of the clock move again  ♫
♫  Those difficult memories  ♫
I applied for the position.
I wanted to do it since it was your project.
Besides, 'Like a Watercolor' is our story, isn't it?
I'm glad that I met you again.
♫  If you don't want to be hurt so you lock it up, ♫
♫  Close your broken heart ♫
How can this guy be a 35 year-old lawyer?
You look quite young for your age.
I hear that a lot.
How do you know Oppa Su Yeon?
I met Hyung Su Yeon in a g... as a client.
So Oppa Su Yeon is your client.
Yes.
He is a 35 year-old lawyer.
What a joke.
- Do you like to drink?  - Yes, a lot.
- Then let's get out of here.  - Pardon?
You said you wanted to treat me to dinner.
Instead of that, just buy me some drinks. Both of us seem to like it anyway.
- Uh...  - Let's go.
Yes.
Why are you...
I mean... Why are you here all of a sudden, Assistant Manager Lee?
I have some good news, and I wanted to tell you in person.
Huh?
'Psycho Bride'... got a movie proposal.
A movie? Really?
You're not kidding, are you?
Shall we get congratulatory drinks?
Oh my! Oh my!
Sorry.
Will you wait for a moment?
Wait for me, okay?
Take your time.
Let's go.
What's this? Is my face too bare right now?
One second.
Right, Ji won, however busy you are,
you can't go out with a bare face.
Let's take a look.
Wait a minute.
My hair has no life.
I should have held onto it like this more.
Hey Seo Ji Won, get a hold of yourself, will you?
This isn't a date. Get a hold of yourself!
Cheers!
We should've gone to a better place. This is a celebration party after all.
What's this, Assistant Manager Lee? How come you're getting so excited?
Of course. As soon as I was in charge of the project, you received two contracts.
So you're saying all of this is thanks to you?
Even in the upcoming project, I'm the lead.
Think about it carefully. The character's image is a lot like me.
Hey, I made that character according to my liking...
So that means I'm your type?
No.
It is true though.
I said it's not.
It is true!
So a character that resembles me is what you like.
I told you it isn't!
It's Cha Seung Won! Cha Seung Won!
Ah, Cha Seung Won?
- It's true.  - It has nothing to do with him.
Seriously!
Why do you keep saying nonsense about it being Cha Seung Won? It's not.
Okay.
Welcome!
We'd like to sit here.
Yes, please have a seat.
Thank you.
- Do you like whiskey?  - I do.
Give us this one, please.
Aren't you on a diet—
- You're fine with that, right?  - Yes.
Special Set: 500,000 won (444 USD)
Please give us that one.
Sure.
- I'll go to the washroom.  - Okay.
500,000 won?
What's wrong with you?
Why are you meeting such a young guy?
He looks young to you too, right?
He looks young and handsome.
You said he was a 35 year-old lawyer.
No way? Are you on date number two today?
Boss Hong, just make some money today.
What is this?
Not all that we ordered has come out?
It won't come.
Why?
Don't worry. I'll pay for whatever we ordered earlier.
So let go of your anger.
The person who was supposed to come today had an emergency.
As a substitute, I tried my best to keep you company so that you wouldn't feel bad.
Sorry.
Didn't they just send a random person?
How do you look older than me? You look much younger than me.
Does age matter?
Boss.
Yes?
I'll pay.
No. I will pay as an apology.
Just pay for this as an apology.
It's unfair for me to ask you to pay for everything,
Don't look at me like that. I'm keeping this bottle to drink later.
I'll ring this up for you.
- Can you hold your liquor well? - Yes.
Even though things turned out like this, we can still drink.
You look different from the broadcast.
I hear that a lot. But don't fall for me.
How much do you drink?
Have you had a lot of whiskey before?
Cheers!
She's going to get herself in trouble that way.
Lee Ran Ju, really.
Hey!
Okay, you do look exactly like that character right now.
Finally, you're admitting it.
You look like a middle school student right now.
Didn't you say I'd grown up well?
Me? When did I say that? I don't know what you're talking about.
You are totally a kid.
So is this how it goes?
Lee Seung Yu is a baby. Baby!
No way, you're already pissed?
This is why we shouldn't play with kids.
They're so childish. How can I—
♫ I don't know when it started ♫
♫ Somehow when I didn't know, you came into my heart ♫
♫  You became the shade and a place to rest  ♫
♫  After I met you, my day is  ♫
Do I...
♫  completely filled with you  ♫
still look like a kid?
♫  As if even fear is nothing at all  ♫
♫ You made it that way ♫
♫ You are the only one who knows all my secrets ♫
♫ You are my biggest gift ♫
♫ Everything inside of me ♫
♫ You and I, the feelings that won't change ♫
♫ Time will be on our side, don't worry ♫
How To Be Thirty
You must have gone crazy, Lee Ran Ju!
He's 24 years old.
So this was the reason Hong Ah Yeong went missing?
Lee Seung Yu.
You're here, Writer Seo.
He's going to be the director of 'Psycho Bride.'
This is Director Cha Do Hoon.
You're saying you're going to ruin this project because of money.
Let's confirm this one thing and talk about it again later.
If the woman keeps doing that, then the man gets confused.
I want to confirm it.
You waited a lot, right? What shall we eat?
- I prefer eating alone.  - You don't like your boyfriend.
You keep crossing the line.
Credits